# LISA-PRIVACY

Lisa takes your right to privacy seriously. You have the right to know what we do with your personal information collected on the Lisa application so that you can make informed choices. Our commitment to privacy is based upon the protocol of personal privacy. This privacy notice explains what information we collect, why we collect it and how we use it.
To enhance your customer experience on Lisa\'s platform through creating an individualized interaction between you and Lisa ; we use data analytics and information contained on your Lisa account including past transactions, your past and real time behavior on the application and similar types of information from other players, to select and deliver content, offers, product recommendations, marketing, advertising and other interactions that are personalized to you.
No personal information is collected without your prior consent. We collect your personal information when you voluntarily communicate with us through the application, subscribe to a service or by any other similar means. As part of setting up and or maintaining an account with us, we will ask for personal information like your name, date of birth, gender, language preference, email address, telephone number, address, security question, and other user preferences. when you connect with us through social media channels, you are also subject to policies in place for use of those social media channels, please review the privacy policies of the channels you are using to connect with us.
We will retain your information including personal information for as long as is responsibly required to provide you services, to promote our products and services and to operate a gaming business in accordance with our legal obligations; it may also be used to resolve disputes and or enforce any agreement we have with the user.
Lisa has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse, alteration of your user data and personal information under our control. Lisa attempts to keep such information in secure facilities, protected from unauthorized access and kept only as long as is reasonably required.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy notice at any time so please review it frequently.
